Task 02
=======

1.
- There are not yet detailed rquirements available -> detailed plans are not possible and usefull
- It is a small developer team with 5 people -> focus on development and coding is better than a planning overkill
- perhaps the team members don't have any experience with agile methods -> some plans could be usefull
- the team members have a limited time budget -> flexibility and an efficient time management is important (agile)

-> Overall, an agile SE process model is recommendable (with some plan-driven elements)

2.
We have the choice between Extreme Programming and Scrum (both are agile process models)

Extreme Programming:
- Small releases: short release cycles are usefull because we have a short time horizon in our project (start: Feb 2013, end: June 2013)
- On-site customer: Not possible because the professor is our customer and he is not always available
- Incremental planning: danger of time consuming architecture refactorings

Scrum:
- This process model gives more structures (Outline planning and architectual design first, followed by the sprint cycles).
- A good architectual design is important and it will be done before of the sprint cycles (avoiding time consuming architecture refactorings)
- The fixed sprint cycles are easy to integrate in our week plan (every week a new sprint cycle)

-> Scrum is a good choice for our project

3.
Activities:
a) specification
b) design and development
c) validation
d) evolution

a)
  Requirements engineering process: The requirements of the system are collected.
  The product backlog is created based on the requirements.
  output: product backlog
  stakeholders: customer, developers, management
  
b)
  The outline planning and architectual design comes first (before the sprint cycles).
  The fine tuning design will be realized during a sprint cycle. 
  All components of the system must have running unit tests at the end of a sprint cycle.
  
  output: source codes with comments, running unit tests
  stakeholders: customer, developers
  
c)
  The implemented system is validated against the system requirements.
  Integration test for the whole system when all sprint cycles have finished.
  
  Output: results from integration and acceptance tests, user manuals
  stakeholders: customer, developers, users, management
  
d)
  This activity comes after the project closure. 